and
they made a decision a long time ago
because
that I could be not the best husband
maybe his father the best doctor yeah
okay it's my last surgery
I don't have time for this my fall in
love with someone change you give up
certain things scared not knowing if
you're married or not hey Jack Jack
still say your best friend you're my
best friend
don't play me wait is it guests arrived
yes mean one tonight have fun for the
doghouse
four nights leaving Tuesday dinner is
7:00 7:30 pita firm because you are the
only guess
something wrong with your table want you
alone oh you didn't come here for the
beach no I came here to talk to someone
it's been very hurtful for you to be
held responsible
is he good-looking the star whistle
I made that to keep special things safe
keeps you safe
never
anymore girl
and will change
dad told me how he hurt you boy even
remember we really are anymore stop it I
want you to know
that you man is a fool doesn't know her
lucky yes
safety me
take each other
that's good if he has a dirty mind oh
yes he definitely keep
it makes you feel that anything's
possible I want you to know you can't
man
one weekend changed my life forever
you